
16/02- 15
Today we had our first meeting with Henrik, where we discussed how to structure and plan our project. Our project will be making the famous board game GO. We decided to do a design before starting with an actual code, in order to prevent any confusion, and being fully aware and structured when coding. 

To get a better understaning, I did some research and tried playing Go. Tomorrow we will meet up and start on our design.

17/02-15
Besides from making a skech on our design, we learned how to use github properly, and did some further planning on our project. 
We have already done a schedule for the coming two weeks, and we will meet up tomorrow and continue on the design part. 

18/02-15
Today we met up to finish the design part. We came up with the idea of dividing the design into two parts. First part is the game board (array/matrix), and the second part is the actual game with it's rules, etc. We made a skech on a tree for a top-down design, that I lately remade and added few details on. We also started looking at different ways of doing an array/matrix, that we will continue working on tomorrow. Tomorrow we'll also have a second meeting with Henrik. 


19/02-15 
Today in the meeting we were discussiong how to do a proper playboard. We decided to do lists of lists, and after the meeting we contiuned working on it. 

22/02-15
I unfortunently missed the meeting today, but my group partners summirized it for me. We finished our playboard and contiuned according our plan. Right now we are working on spotting "coordinates"/spots for the placing of the stones. 

23/02-15 
Today we focused mostly on the two functions IsEmpty and PlayStone. After finishing the codes, we started on designing the replaceing part, and did some coding on it but didn't come so far. So that will be the goal for tomorrow. 

24/02-15
Continuing on the replacing functions, we unfortunently couldn't finish them today. We tried different ways, and now we've done a little bit on the coding, and will contiune working on it today.  

25/02-15
In the end of the day we finally fixed the replace functions and can now carry on with the second part of the design, which is the actual game itself.

26/02-15
Today we started to "set up" our game and got a little inspiration from the nim game, just to get an idea on how to make a game in Haskell. This will be our focus for the following days. 


 